Who? Me? I am Professor Fredrick Emmerich Blueland, though down here most children refer to me as the “Creepy Skeleton Man”. You wouldn't happen to be one of them would you? Come to mock my intelligence!?
|...
|Still here? We'll you've got more guts then the rest of them, I'll tell you that. This hall you see here, this majestic Kabinet, is my very own personal collection of specimens which I collected over the years! Back in my day these people we're considered freaks, shunned by society.
@Was I not clear enough? This exquisite selection of skeletons you see before you is what's left of the 43 patients whose unfortunate deaths contributed a fortunate amount to the advances in the science of medicine! Society deemed these people freaks! They would have their bodies burned to ashes. And it was I who took them into my great care. I who provided for them! I who cared for them, and all in the name of science!
@Me? I am here because well, I... I don't know to be honest... One moment I was dining with all my patients in the afterlife and the next thing I know I'm pulled through a vortex, back to this world. This world, is the world in which I...died. 
@I, I'm not sure. I was treating my patient, who's skeleton you can view over to your left actually. Suddenly I was overcome with the worst itch imaginable located directly on the sole of my foot. Protocol dictates that true gentlemen must wear shoes at all times. I couldn't simply have started removing my footwear in front of my patient! So I excused myself and walked towards my office to investigate this irritating matter.
|But as I walked towards my office the itch become exponentially worse. I-I couldn't help myself, that shoe had to leave my foot right now! So as I walked I started untying my shoelaces, pulling the shoe off of my foot. Unfortunately, as I did this, I bumped into Nurse Thatcher, who, at that time, happened to be holding the saw used to cut of the arm of specimen 11b, which you can view over to your right actually, above the deformed skull!
|And that, well, is all I can remember. I, I think the saw must have done something to end my life like that. But that doesn't matter now! The afterlife isn't actually all that bad! You know they have spectral shaped cup-cakes? They are delicious!
@The caretaker, I forgot his name. He seems to be the caring sort. And the one in the lab coat is clearly delusional! All his talk about ray-di-yay-sjon or whatever he calls it! Nonsense!
And finally there's that woman. Unmarried at that age? And she even claims to be a scientist! Ha! Like that would ever happen!