Excuse me, are you talking to me dear? I am Professor Elionore Anderson, winner of the Nobel Prize in Biology, at least I would have been if it weren't for those p-pesky b-beans.
|…
|Oh sorry, I got carried away there, you don't have to worry about any of the plants here. I'm taking good care of them now! And of you, of course! Did you know that the Giant Water Lily can carry up to three newborn babies on its pads? Plants are such marvelous things aren't they?
@“Did?” Oh dear, but still do study plants! Look, this here is a castor oil plant!
Did you know that one single Castor Bean contains enough toxins to kill a child within only a day! To think that the first person to discover this died in the name of science is funny thought no? B-but sorry, yes, no, I study plants because I think they are marvelous things my dear! Don't listen to what those men tell you dear, botany is just as scientific as medicine or physics! 
@What? Do I look like a physicist to you? I don't know how any of these ghost things work dear! Not my area of expertise I'm afraid. Better off asking that introvert with the glasses or that old creep with the skeletons.
@Oh, I meant in “vain”! Of course, yes, silly me! And ah-wait! Hold on a second, don't tell me that pesky caretaker has you doing his work! There's nothing wrong with us ghosts being here! Sure, that old creep and the madman might seem a little “off”  if you ask me. But I'm not like them! I-I can help you people! Teach you about all the plants! Like did you know that it only takes one single drop of nightshade to kill a child! Oh, I'm sorry dear, didn't mean to scare you!
@You mean all those weird men with their stories? That freak with the skeletons must be hiding something, I'm sure of it! I bet you that one of this former patients must have killed him or something. And then there's that scientist, he always gets so nervous around me. He's an odd one for sure. 
Finally we have the caretaker, such a sweet man. If only he knew his efforts were in such veins. Haha!
